[Music]
quiet please part two picks up right
where quiet plays part one left off the
idea of these kids in this family
dealing with their safety net being
taken from them
Evelyn is now a single parent newborn
baby the bonds burnt down the house is
destroyed and she's out there on her own
and she has to protect these children
they are forced to go out into the world
to see how other people live so they
literally leave the path of safety and
go into the unknown it's harrowing it's
terrifying but at the core of it it's a
very human story she's just trying to
keep everybody alive and discovers that
there's other people out there and the
world changes in an instant there are
people do not know we answered all those
questions that the audience was asking
about day one especially how did this
all start every step is much more
treacherous
it definitely ratchets up the tension
and you know they're not safe
you